# Submission Checklist 

There are some things we need before you submit.  Please make sure that you have included the following:

- package.json
- icons
- lib directory
- Please check your app in both (&micro;Torrent & BitTorrent) clients

## DO NOT put your code in index.html - this is a file that will be auto-generated by our submission process and will be overwritten.

## If your app is completely inappropriate in the BitTorrent client (ex: skins), please note that when you submit and we will modify it accordingly.

# package.json

When you create your app using apps generate, there will already be a package.json included in your app directory.  Fill it out accordingly, but you will also need to add a few more variables.

	{% highlight js %}
	"bt:access": "activex",
	"bt:store": {
		"screenshots": [],
		"description": "",
		"links": []
	}
	{% endhighlight %}

The bt:access variable is only necessary if you require activex on your app, but the bt:store variables are mandatory.

You do not have to fill out screenshots or links all the way, but it is to your benefit, as this will give users of &micro;Torrent 2.2 a description of your app.  On that note, here is how you would fill it out:

	{% highlight js %}
	"bt:store": {
		"screenshots": [
			{
				"small": "img/screenshot1_sm.jpg",
				"large": "img/screenshot1_lg.jpg",
				"title": "My Awesome App"
			},
			{
				"small": "img/screenshot2_sm.jpg",
				"large": "img/screenshot2_lg.jpg",
				"title": "Second Awesome Screen"
			}
		],
		"description": "This is my app.  It is really great, please use it!",
		"links": [
			{
				"href": "http://mywebsite.com",
				"name": "Awesome App Website"
			}
		]
	}
	{% endhighlight %}

# Icons

In addition to the 16x16px icon.bmp in your main folder, you will also need to include icon_512.png, icon_64.png, and icon_128.png in the 'img' folder.  These icons should follow the guidelines outlined in the template.  If you are unable to create icons to the specifications, please create just the icon_512.png and we will create the rest for you.  If you are unable to create any icons, you will be given a stock icon for your app.

# Testing your app in uTorrent

To see how your app would look in the client, run apps submit in your app folder.  For example, if you have your app in the 'hello-world' folder, you would do the following:

		$ cd hello-world
		$ apps package

After running the command, you should notice a new folder ('dist') in that directory containing your btapp file.  Open the btapp file with utorrent (or simply drag the btapp file into the client) for testing.

# Testing your app in Bittorrent

One extra step is needed to see your app in the Bittorrent client.  Go to your package.json file and add '?fishtank' to the end of your update_url prior to the apps package command.

# Other Useful Information

- [Tutorials](http://btapps-sdk.bittorrent.com/doc/tutorials)
- [Examples](http://btapps-sdk.bittorrent.com/examples/)
- [API](http://btapps-sdk.bittorrent.com/doc/api.html)
- [Documentation](http://btapps-sdk.bittorrent.com/doc/)
- [Forums](http://forum.utorrent.com/viewforum.php?id=34)
